The Joe Rogan experience.
I am nervous. Why brew? Yeah. Why? Uh, it's a,
no, it's a good thing. I haven't left my house in a year. You've been extended,
locked up. Well, I mean, I go to the grocery store. Uh how'd you,
how did you avoid getting it? You didn't get it at all right now. The cooties?
No, no, because everyone I know is a shut into and I loved it.
It's like I left a day after my year anniversary.
I packed a week before coming here. So all you've done is go to the food store.
Yup. Wow. Uh, well, I, I went up, uh,
to Phoenix for new year's to see, uh,
it's a long story to see a dog that I almost kept. Uh,
but I gave away anyway. So yes, basically, no,
I have not left Bisbee Arizona in a year.
Wow. And I didn't think it affected me until I left. It's like,
if you stayed in bed for a year going, I don't need to walk.
I know how to walk. And then after a year you're like, my legs.
I'm actually need what feels the weirdest?
Just figuring out how to pack for the road.
I packed everything I drove and, uh,
I left Sunday to be here Wednesday. It's a 13 hour drive.
I could have done it in one shot, but I was so excited.
I'm going to leave on Sunday and just take the back roads. And uh,
like I practiced talking on the phone before I came here an hour
and a half before. I'm just calling people. I don't talk to anyone on the phone.
The only time I use the phone is to figure out where to meet you,
to talk. I don't like socialize on the phone.
You and I talk maybe twice a year tops. And when I see it's you,
I go, do I have an hour? Okay.
I'll make an hour because we don't. But otherwise, so I was like,
I haven't talked to people other than,
do you have a room available for three days? Right? They have days.
So I was calling, you know, bingo and Brian Hennigan, go ahead.
Just talk to me like
you don't I packed what I thought was a car load of.
I forgot vodka, which is my go-to drink and a shirt.
I only had the t-shirt that I was wearing that after three days started to stink
and I went, I didn't pack another shirt. Did you go shirt shopping?
Then I went into the thrift store. Oh, thrift store. Yeah, of course. Yes.
You notice I'm, I did, like, I brought two different suits, like goofy suits,
right? I'm like I've been wearing pajamas for a year.
I w I think I would be even more awkward if I was wearing a suit,
especially with stupid hair. When did the goofy suits become a thing with you?
Like what year? 1989. It started in telemarketing.
Cause my mother would send me goofy suits like that.
Cause they had just gone out of style, like in that earlier that decade.
So they're, you know, it's like buying acid wash jeans now, you know,
they're a nickel apparently through thrift store.
I think Jamie has a few pairs. Acid wash, sweat pants,
sweat pants. Yeah. But that's your signature now?
The, the goofy suit. Okay.
Yeah. And I go, I don't think I'm ready to put on a goofy suit.
I don't know if it would clash with the goofy hair.
Cause people will show up at my shows in goofy suits,
but they'll have like plaid on plaid and you go, no, that doesn't work. Like I,
I accessorize perfectly in a goofy suit, but I go live with the goofy hair now.
Is that like polka dots on plaid? I don't know. Right? If you've gone too far.
Yeah. I want to be comfortable here.
So I'm wearing pajamas like I have for the last year.
Why don't just wear pajamas.
That's what I'm wearing. Pajama pants. Are those pajama crowns?
Yeah. Okay.
There you go. And this is a, this was my old travel shirt.
I wore this anytime I traveled, but yeah, I want to be comfortable.
I don't want to. Yeah.
You've stayed within your means very well.
Like you've never had to worry about finances.
Like you've you dialed that in early. Yeah. Uh,
you never fell into the trap.
A lot of people do where they like buy a bigger house or buy a bigger.
My paid for
after a year of not working. I go, Ooh,
I always bragged about how much I don't need to work.
And then I go got right now, I'm starting to worry.
Should I buy this dumb plastic from Amazon or not?
When do you think you're going to start working here are going to get the
vaccine.
I got, I got my first shot.
Which one? The Pfizer.
Or the [inaudible]
. I got my first shot about two weeks ago, two weeks ago tomorrow. Wasn't
funny. Cause I just realized I still have the bandaid when I took that
. I'm such a slothful pig when it comes to bathing areas
and it's still there. I didn't wash that hard that it came off last night.
They're resilient those bad days. They'll they'll stick around for a while for.
Got my followup shot two weeks from now from the same lady,
I wanted to see the same dirty bandage and make her get off.
I know that's rude, but I think it's funny.
Catch new episodes of the Joe Rogan experience for free. Only on Spotify.
Watch back catalog J R E videos on Spotify,
including clips easily seamlessly switch between video
and audio experience on Spotify.
You can listen to the JRE in the background while using other apps and can
download episodes to save on data costs. All for free.
Spotify is absolutely free.
You don't have to have a premium account to watch new JRE episodes.
You just need to search for the Jerry on your Spotify app.
Go to Spotify now to get this full episode of the Joe Rogan.